hey what up this is mr. trigger coming
to you from Skid Row tattoo in downtown
Los Angeles I'm going to be bringing you
on tattoo stories from some of the
sickest artists in the game brought to
you from sanction TV and maker studio
each week we're going to show you these
artists best ink on celebrity clientele
all the way to homies in the hood Carlos
Torres in Timeline gallery in San Pedro
California born and raised here in Los
Angeles more specifically at Gardena
south bay area growing up in the
neighborhood just you know everybody
wanted tattoos and they're like oh
you're the guy who draws so let's make
you tattoo he is uh I actually got
forced into so oh one of the guys we
hung out with his brother had just
gotten out of jail so he had rigged up
this homemade tattoo machine and that
was actually the first first tattoo I
ever did it was like that and then I
just slowly hurt from there I was like
so pumped up about it I like ended up
buying the tattoo machine out of the
back of a magazine and so no Prentis
ship but it was pretty much a lie when I
started off at a shop in East LA one of
my buddies was opening this shop and I
really had no business being there by
the
was kind of my foot in the door and then
I did a couple shops and then I ended up
it at another shop down the street here
in San Pedro for ten years called SoCal
tattoo and I worked there for about ten
years and then eventually moved on I
went out and worked in Orange County
with with one of my friends and then
opened this place about three years ago
I still stick with the coils like as far
as the shading goes I've been using the
Victor Portugal machine and a bloodhound
iron for and I used those for generally
for all the shading then I've been using
some dragon flies some rotaries to do
like like all the type all the type
detail like in the you know I do a lot
of faces so like noses eyes stuff like
that but for the most part I still like
that the coil
I think they run the best the healing
for me is the best and they usually feel
like a week
I've been trying some rotaries like
different rotaries and I just can't get
a hang of it now and just hold on baby
I do my good friend step on ya and just
introduce me to her chin real sweetheart
of a girl she just liked the ideas and
like she lets me take a lot of freedom
with the tattooed just works works good
you know she's like tells me what you
want
works for me it's been doing good for me
look great great exposure for my
paintings they usually start at the very
beginning from that's my sketch but do
the sketch like some sketches I'll have
in there a couple years and then go
through it and then I'll like if I like
the idea of you know or kind of you know
slowly develop it and then once I get
the real good idea what I do is I find a
model that's perfect for the the
painting or Yanis perfect yeah that's
good for the painting photograph err and
then I'll draw on top of the photos till
I get what I want and then I'll
eventually paint them just painting back
here behind me actually started as like
a little squiggle of a drawing maybe
maybe four years ago
and it's pretty much developed into that
I'd like to use oil I do a lot of oil
painting oil and like graphite I like to
draw a lot yeah John is like can be a
lot looser and free you know you know
I'm not really too sure how I got into
oil painting I know I came across a
paintings by Shawn barber and I was just
kind of really blown away cuz he was I
doing
basically like tattoo stuff and then
adapting it into you know favor he's a
fine artist to his getting into
tattooing and something about that
really inspired me that you know it's
like a guy that tattoos actually you
know can paint like this so I bought his
DVD and I just started working from
there and then took took a few workshops
with him and then from him bounced
around a couple other workshops and it's
just good learning from different
different people you know but that's
pretty much how I got into it just been
been really inspired by that lately
because it just I Sutton you you know
I've been tattooing for 16 years I was
painting for like six years and this
just kind of fun to try a new a new
medium you know yeah I think I think I
want to want to do that tattoo as long
as I can even if even if it comes down
the tattoo in one day a week the
painting will probably be more like the
retirement plan
yeah hopefully I know the fine art world
is really tough to break into so you
know there would just be something
beyond for extra you know a poppy flick
for now
you got a ya beaut dick and gotta go
back into the Batcave
you know come up with new ideas and then
come out fresh you know like almost like
readjusting your whole style you know
really I think I think for a young
artist traveling is probably the best
and to get out of your shop to see how
people are doing things somewhere else
you know I think the most learning I've
done it has been been on the road you
know anywhere from like learning how to
put on a stencil the right way I went on
the road with a friend most important
thing I learned was patience like I just
slowed down on my tattooing things
really hoping a lot